welcome to an unboxing of the Elin rx2
see the box is prefect
so it's a dual channel 15 and 180 watt
Max and 7 amp 30 watt max discharge they
have their own proprietary ELC smart
charge and this is an ac/dc
input compatible and it's got operation
power DC 11 to 16 volts output it's got
a dual USB charging port so that's
pretty handy for iPad or smartphones
that requires a USB it can charge lipo 1
2 6 s as well as slide fee lithium-ion
nickel metal and I cards as well as PCB
PV lead-acid battery ok so we have our
to have two of the Elan balance board we
have to temper probes and two alligator
clips it's pretty handy comes in a as
you can see how's it like a 90 degree
connector now on to the charger
Packaging is pretty good looks like it's
well padded so here this the Elin are
it's got the DCN battery out USB type
sensor switch
look thanks for watching the unboxing of
the Elan rx2